And every morning, and I mean every morning, there's Jeremy singing at the top of his lungs.
Okay, I wasn't the only one.
No, but you were the loudest.
Spoken like a true big brother.
I was always impressed with how close you two were.
Well, it wasn't always that way.
No.
I mean, it started out that way.
Nick and I, we weren't just brothers.
We were friends.
But then the family business ran into trouble.
And what started as a small disagreement just exploded.
How are business works?
Instead of criticizing, could you just once?
Jeremy!
Do you have any idea what this is going to cost us?
I didn't have a choice.
You went behind my back.
What's your problem?
You, you're the problem.
We tried to work it out.
But things just got worse.
It was like a door slam shut between us.
On the outside, I acted like everything was fine.
But inside, I couldn't let it go.
I felt like a total hypocrite, and that had to change.
I needed a lot of help from Jehovah to let go, to move on,
and make things right with Nick.
It took a long time for the wounds to heal.
And for us to trust each other, the way we used to.
But we did.
I'm so grateful that we made peace before the world turned upside down.
You see, pandemic lasted longer than any of us expected.
And all the conflicting news reports just added to the stress.
Then my sister lost her job and had to move in with us.
So yeah, it was me and Kelly, Nicole, and Dad.
Twenty seconds, son.
Twenty seconds.
Where's your mask?
Don't worry.
Here.
You can use this one.
I won't get near anyone.
Gary!
Listen, nobody at the warehouse is wearing masks.
And do you know how many people have actually gotten sick?
Zero.
So far.
You saw the last governing body update.
We can't let down our guard.
Dad?
I get it, okay?
Look, I think it's great that the brothers are trying to keep us safe.
But...
But what?
Don't you think that they're, you know, overreacting?
But of course, it wasn't the brothers who had the problem.
It was me.
A week later, I found out that a friend in our service group was in the hospital with COVID-19.
He was young.
And he'd been taking all the rape precautions.
I had really let my guard down.
No, it's not the time to slacken our hand when it comes to safety.
Don't let your guard down.
Don't think the virus can't affect you or your family.
I saw how the organization was really trying to protect us.
And how much my decisions were affecting others, including the people I love the most.
As the pandemic dragged on, I learned the importance of being humble and obedient.
Following Jehovah's direction didn't just help us stay safe.
It brought us peace.
Oh, how Jehovah's people are.
When there's a need, our brothers step up.
So even though we had a lot of work to do back then, we always had willing workers.
So many workers that some started to feel like they were being overlooked.
Hey, Ray, what's up?
Hey, Matt, I hear you're organizing the food distribution for our congregation.
Yeah, try my best.
Yeah, well, can I give you a hand?
My truck's all ready to go.
We actually finished just loading up for the day, so I think we're good.
But wow, yeah, thank you very much for offering.
Okay, when's the next run?
You know what, Ray, we're about to pull out right now.
Is it okay if I call you back?
Yeah, yeah, sure.
Ray was such a hard worker.
More than most of us even realized.
He put his heart into every assignment.
But when I told him we already had all the help we needed,
it didn't go the way I helped.
Ray, I think you're muted.
So what you're saying is you don't think I'm qualified to help out?
No, no, we just...
We know how hard you're working caring for your mom.
We didn't want to...
Is Paul Thompson on your crew?
Yeah, but...
And Oliver Kagan.
Oliver's my assistant, yes.
So how does this work, Matt?
I mean, you just use your friends and you shut the rest of us out.
Don't you think I noticed how your brothers ignore me?
Ray, are we even apology?
I'm so sorry.
I should have spoke with you about this right from the start.
You're working so hard taking care of your mom.
The last thing we wanted to do was make things harder for you.
But even more than that.
We didn't want to have to ask you to do something
that would put you or your mother at higher risk.
I know.
I worry about that, too.
Your mom?
We wouldn't want anything to happen to her.
She's one of our congregation treasures.
I know.
And you're not so bad, either.
Seriously, you're such a good example.
And think how Jehovah must feel when he sees all that you're doing.
For us and for your mom.
Thank you.
That means a lot to me.
If something comes up that I can't help with then,
even just a little, and I can do it from home.
And later on, when things got even more intense,
that's when our peace was really put to the test.
Yeah, but Tim, you always found a way to keep us positive.
Well, I learned a lot about that from my better half.
Amy's always had a way of bringing people together.
For example, just before the pandemic,
there were these two pioneer sisters in our congregation.
Becky was energetic, industrious, and fearless in her ministry.
And Lena experienced self-sacrificing
and such a good Bible teacher.
But they didn't exactly get along.
You ready to go?
Are you okay?
It's just, it's Becky.
She's just such a phantom pioneer.
We never see her.
I'm sorry, but she just needs me.
We're serious about her ministry.
Oh, she's been doing metro witnessing.
I know, I know, an LDC, too, right?
She does plumbing.
Concrete.
She does have a lot of energy.
I remember when we used to be like that.
Oh, I don't know that I was ever like Becky.
No, you weren't.
You were Becky or the Becky.
I couldn't keep up with you.
She feels long service days in your little red car.
That feels like a long time ago.
You know, Becky reminds me a lot of you.
I mean, both of us.
20 years ago.
She's working so hard,
and she's made so many sacrifices for the truth.
Just like you have.
I think we should get together.
The three of us.
You should get to know her better.
The next week, I had them both over to the house.
And the more those two got to know each other,
the closer they became.
You know that proverb,
the tongue of the wise is a healing?
Amy taught me what that verse really means.
Okay, everyone out.
When everything changed,
and we suddenly found ourselves locked up together,
I tried to show that same spirit
so that we could stay united.
And with Jehovah's help,
we did.
The first time we met David,
we were in chains.
I'd seen a lot of things during my time as a guard,
but nothing like the peace that you all had.
Prison chains may be strong,
but we all had something much stronger.
We had to work for that peace.
Right, Phil?
That's right.
See, there was a misunderstanding.
That got blown all out of proportion,
and I didn't handle it the best.
The more I tried to defend myself,
the worse it became.
Brothers, there must be some mistake.
This isn't true. You know me.
I wasn't prepared for how far I would go.
There's one more announcement.
Brother Philip Kim is no longer serving as an elder.
That brings our meeting to you.
The next few months were a real struggle.
But when more details came to light,
I thought I'd be reappointed,
but I wasn't.
I couldn't understand why.
Phil, come on.
I felt bitterness growing inside.
Everything became about me,
how I felt, what I deserved.
It was like a fog that stopped me
from seeing what Jehovah deserved.
I really needed his help.
I found comfort in accounts of Jehovah's servants
who were either misunderstood or misjudged,
but maintained their loyalty to him.
They helped me realize that it's a privilege
just to be in Jehovah's organization.
Being a peace with my brothers
was more important than any appointed position.
Without peace,
I don't know how we could have managed what was to come.
Our threat is fat today.
And I'll be your secretary.
That's like Barrick was the Jeremiah.
I don't know what I'd do without you.
But you know there's more to the story?
Phil didn't know just how tense things were
between Tim and I.
No idea.
We never talked.
I mean, really talked about it
until it was too late.
Look, we need to talk.
I think we need to seriously reconsider Phil's qualifications.
You know he's not the type of brother that was enough.
Enough about Phil.
I know he's your friend.
Friend.
But the body agreed that friend
had longer qualified to serve.
Friend?
He's worked with us for years.
The body decided unanimously that he should no longer serve.
You pushed them.
Excuse me?
It's enough that we have those outside the congregation
putting pressure on us.
We do not need more in here.
It's a seriously thing.
The conversation.
The argument.
It was terrible.
We both said things we didn't mean.
And after that we both handled the situation poorly.
We needed to make things right.
It wasn't easy.
But we talked it out.
And we made peace.
But your hope is help.
Can you imagine what it would have been like in that cell block
if we hadn't?
We finally told Phil the whole story.
Once we were all roommates.
Wow.
That's cool.
Sing.
Our stormy seas.
God's people are live with our eyes.
We see beyond the clouds.
And know that the storm soon will see.
There's one more story to tell.
I didn't know it at the time.
But seeds of truth were being planted in my heart.
You were also different.
I couldn't understand it.
You were prisoners.
Yes.
But you felt free.
Truly free.
After you were released.
It became clear to me.
You have God's blessing.
And I wanted to know why.
Phil, help me find the answer.
And you will know the truth.
And the truth will set you free.
Phil encouraged me to make the truth my own.
I had real trouble at first.
With all the turmoil going on at the time.
The idea of being peaceable.
And waiting on God's kingdom.
It was hard to grasp.
But with Jehovah's help.
And the patience of these good people.
I was baptized before the start of the Great Tribulation.
Joseph, during our time in prison.
The story of your life.
And how Jehovah was always with you.
Became a real source of strength for us.
I remember one day.
Carl said.
What did you say?
I said, one day we'll have a meal with Joseph.
And we'll say, thank you.
And here we are.
Really.
It's I who should thank you.
Each and every one of your stories.
Touches my heart.
You know a lot about my life.
But would it be alright if I shared a few more stories?
Please.
We have so many questions.
Can you tell us about Egypt?
What was very real like?
Dreams.
We got to talk about those dreams.
You do have many questions.
And I have many details to share.
And thanks to our God, Jehovah.
We have all the time we need.